PPTT-2708 Added installation guide (#639)
PiwikPRO/PPMS-PublicDocs: data_collection/web/guides.rst

Guides
======

Installing Tracking code
------------------------

> This is the easiest and recommended way of tracking code installation. When Tag Manager is added to the site - it automatically publishes tracking code (using "Piwik PRO Analytics template").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using tag manager's snippet is the easiest and recommended way of installing tracking code. When Tag Manager is added to the site - it automatically starts tracking user actions (using "Piwik PRO Analytics template").
```

If you do not have Tag Manager on your website yet, follow this procedure to install it:

#. Sign in to your PPAS with your admin or Super User account.
#. Click on the menu button on the top left.
#. Click on the "Websites" position.
#. Choose the website for which you want to implement a tracking code.
#. Select the "Installation" tab.
#. The Tag Manager code snippet for your website is displayed under the "Website code for asynchronous tags" or "Website code for synchronous tags".

> In case you do not want to install Tag Manager on your website you can install tracking code via JavaScript Tracking Client snippet. Guide how to do it is available here: :ref:`data-collection-installing-tracking-code-via-snippet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you do not want to install Tag Manager on your website, you can install tracking code via JavaScript Tracking Client snippet. Guide how to do it is available here: :ref:`data-collection-installing-tracking-code-via-snippet`
```
